SPCTR-2938 Fix: Table of content - Heading list HTML structure not proper. (#3227)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= x.x.x =

> * Fix: Table of content - Heading list HTML structure not proper.

Author: Resolved

= x.x.x =
* Fix: Buttons - Resolved an issue in which the button size would not work as expected in the editor after adding padding.

> * Fix: Table of content - Fixed improper HTML markup/structure for Heading list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Table Of Contents - Fixed the improper HTML markup/structure for the heading list.
```

Author: Done
